Refactor ManifoldsBase to a two-level dispatch design (v2) (#92)
JuliaManifolds/ManifoldsBase.jl: docs/src/manifolds.md

# Manifolds

While the interface `ManifoldsBase.jl` does not cover concrete manifolds, it provides a few
helpers to build or create manifolds based on existing manifolds

## [(Abstract) power manifold](@id sec-power-manifold)

> A power manifold is constructed like higher dimensional vector spaces are formed from the real line, just that for every point ``p = (p_1,\ldots,p_n) ∈ \mathcal M^n`` on the power manifold ``\mathcal M^n`` the entries of ``p`` are points ``p_1,\ldots,p_n ∈ \mathcal M`` on some manifold ``\mathcal M``. Note that ``n`` can also be replaced by multiple values, such that ``p`` is not a vector but a matrix or tensor of points.

Author: ```suggestion
A power manifold is constructed like higher dimensional vector spaces are formed from the real line, just that for every point ``p = (p_1,\ldots,p_n) ∈ \mathcal M^n`` on the power manifold ``\mathcal M^n`` the entries of ``p`` are points ``p_1,\ldots,p_n ∈ \mathcal M`` on some manifold ``\mathcal M``. Note that ``n`` can also be replaced by multiple values, such that ``p`` is not a vector but a matrix or a multi-index array of points.
```

`ManifoldsBase.jl` provides two possibilities of easily introducing this in order to dispatch some functions to the embedding.

### [Implicit case: the `IsEmbeddedManifold` Trait](@id subsec-implicit-embedded)

For the implicit case, your manifold has to be a subtype of the [`AbstractDecoratorManifold`](@ref).
Adding a method to the [`active_traits`](@ref ManifoldsBase.active_traits) function for a manifold that returns an [`AbstractTrait`](@ref)
[`IsEmbeddedManifold`](@ref), makes that manifold an embedded manifold. You just have to also define [`get_embedding`](@ref) so that appropriate functions are passed on to that embedding.
This is the implicit case, since the manifold type itself does not carry any information about the embedding, just the trait and the function definition do.

### [Explicit case: the `EmbeddedManifold`](@id subsec-explicit-embedded)

The [`EmbeddedManifold`](@ref) itself is an [`AbstractDecoratorManifold`](@ref) so it is a case of the implicit embedding itself, but internally stores both the original manifold and the embedding.
They are also parameters of the type.

> This way, additional embeddings can be modelled. That is, if the manifold is implemented using the implicit embedding approach from before but can also be implemented using a _different_ embedding, then this method should be chosen, since you can dispatch functions that you want to implement in this embedding then on the type which explicitly has the manifold and its embedding as parameters.

Author: ```suggestion
This way, an additional embedding of one manifold in another can be modelled. That is, if the manifold is implemented using the implicit embedding approach from before but can also be implemented using a _different_ embedding, then this method should be chosen, since you can dispatch functions that you want to implement in this embedding then on the type which explicitly has the manifold and its embedding as parameters.
```
I think this wording is more appropriate without going into too much detail.

> Hence this case should be used for any further embedding after the first or if the default implementation works without an embedding and the alternative needs one.

Author: Maybe we should add that this type only supports defining one embedding for each pair of manifolds.

Reviewer: Indeed it does, but I even rarely see different embeddings for one manifold into different other ones (yes there are some).
In principle one could distinguish different embeddings of one manifold M into one Manifold N by changing the type of the point p?

Overall I feel this might be too much detail?

Author: Yes, even `EmbeddedManifold` does not have much use currently (as far as I'm aware currently it's only for embedding SE in GL). So I don't see much reason to work on extending it to different embeddings, as it's not something needed. I'm only a bit worried that the current wording may suggest that having such different embeddings is possible.

Reviewer: THen propose a new wording :)
